The mvsg_cmc_1.1.0.va code in the "vacode" directory has been modified
from the original in the following ways:

 - Git's idea of "whitespace errors" (white space at end of line and end
   of file) has been cleaned up so git will not show these warnings.
 - A Unicode-encoded apostrophy in a copyright notice was changed to ASCII.

 Xyce does not support output of device-specific operating point variables
 at this time, and therefore:
 - All of the OP variables declarations with "`OPP", "`OPM" and "`OPD"
   were placed inside an ifdef of "OP_OUTPUT" to prevent their being
   processed using Xyce/ADMS.
 - All uses of OP variables in assignments towards the end of the file were
   similarly ifdefed to prevent their use with Xyce/ADMS.

 Xyce/ADMS does not support use of the "ddx" Verilog-A function yet,
 and therefore:
 - All uses of ddx in assignment of operating point variables have been ifdefed
   out (as part of the previous discussion)
 - The single use of ddx in the noise model renders Xyce unable to implement
   that noise model.  The entire contents of the noise model have been ifdefed
   out and replaced with an error condition if noisemod is set to 1.

 - A bug in ADMS that renders it unable to propagate probe dependence
   through analog function output variables has forced us to introduce
   an ADMS-specific "@(initial_step)" block that does not do anything
   at run time, but serves to inform ADMS about the probe dependence
   of certain variables that are used nowhere but in output arguments
   of analog functions.

 - A newly-discovered limitation in the handling of node collapse in Xyce/ADMS
   requires that the node collapse expression:
      V(si,src) <+ 0;
   be written instead as:
      V(src,si) <+ 0;
   This is necessary because both src and si are internal nodes, and Xyce/ADMS
   generally tries to collapse the negative node onto the positive in such
   cases.  Unfortunately, elsewhere in the device src may be collapsed onto
   the external node s, and therefore leads to an ambiguous collapse (does
   src collapse onto s or si?  Or both?).  Reversing the order makes it clear
   that si may collapse onto src, and src may then also collapse onto s ---
   resulting in the collapse of si onto s as well.

 - The assignments of rcs_w, rcd_w, and rg were moved from their original
   location in the main analog block into an @(initial_instance) (ADMS-specific
   pseudo-event block) so that they are promoted to "global_instance" scope.
   This is necessary to allow them to be used in Xyce for
   node collapse conditionals as intended by the model authors.

 - As originally written, the code inside the "gmdisp==0" else block
   combined both static and dynamic contributions on a single line.  ADMS
   and Xyce/ADMS will silently accept this usage and then generate incorrect
   code.  The dynamic contributions (those inside ddt() calls) must be
   added in a seperate contribution statement than the static contributions.