The following changes to the BSIMCMG 110.0.0 code were needed to make
it work with Xyce/ADMS.

 - In bsimcmg.va, defining __OPINFO__ was commented out.  Xyce/ADMS
   does not yet support the ddx operator needed, nor does Xyce/ADMS
   yet permit operating point information to be output.

 - An ifdef conditional was added to define the module as having only
   4 required nodes.  Neither Xyce/ADMS nor ADMS itself handle the
   "$port_connected" verilog-A construct needed to support optional
   nodes.  This must currently be handled by post-generation
   patching of the C++.

 - The "t" thermal node declaration was moved so that it is the first
   node declared after the required d, g, s, and e nodes.  This is
   done because the patching technique needed to make t an optional
   node only works if it is assigned by ADMS as the first numbered
   node after the required nodes.

 - Numerous instance parameters are noted in the BSIM-CMG reference
   manual as being both instance and model parameters, but the
   standard CMC macros provided (IPRco, etc.) do not provide any
   mechanism to flag parameters in this way.

   Xyce-specific variants of these macros were provided to signal to
   Xyce that the given parameter should be recognized both on the
   model card and the instance line.  Xyce/ADMS will generate code
   that assures that any instance version that is given in the netlist
   will override any value given in the model card, but the model card
   value will be used as default if not given on the instance line.

 - An ADMS-specific ifdef block was provided to wrap the
   "CMGBiasIndepCalc" block in an "@(initial_instance)" pseudo-event,
   assuring that these bias-independent computations will only be
   performed when parameters are processed.  Without this block, Xyce
   would be performing all of these operations every time the model
   equations are evaluated.

 - In several locations, "$strobe" functions were called using strings
   that included escaped quotation marks.  ADMS cannot process these
   strings.  The escaped quotation marks were removed.

 - A set of patch files (diffs) were generated to perform a minor code
   change after ADMS is finished processing.  This small block of code
   makes the "t" node an optional fifth node on the instance line.

   If given, the t node is external.  If not given, it is internal.

- The IPM macro, already defined in common_defs.include, has been
  called in bsimcmg_body.include, and all contributions have been
  multiplied by the defined constant "MFACTOR_USE".  If the constant
  EXPLICIT_MFACTOR is defined, IPM declares an instance parameter "M"
  and defines MFACTOR_USE to be "m".  If EXPLICIT_MFACTOR is not
  defined, IPM is a null macro, and MFACTOR_USE is defined to be 1.0.

  This allows the BSIM-CMG in Xyce to support a multiplicity, because
  Xyce does not provide a global multiplicity factor usable by
  devices, and all devices must define and use one themselves.

- The description for the model parameter NSEG has been changed to remove
  an ampersand that confuses Xyce LaTeX table generation.

- An optimization has been applied to improve performance of the model
  when self-heating is not active.  All temperature dependent variables
  that were previously computed unconditionally in the block "CMGTempDepCalc"
  have been wrapped in a conditional that executes only if the temperature
  has changed since the last call.  To accomplish this, however, also
  required initializing all of those variables in the @(initial_instance)
  block, so that ADMS will recognize them as having "global_instance" scope
  instead of marking them local to the main analog block.  The variables are
  all initialized to zero in that block, and a "LastTemp" variable set to
  "-999" in order to assure that all temperature dependent variables are
  correctly re-calculated upon the first call of updateIntermediateVars.

  By doing it this way, we are also assured that the model will work correctly
  in .STEP loops, because the @(initial_instance) code will wind up in Xyce's
  "processParams" function, which will always be called whenever a .STEP loop
  updates model or instance parameters.

- Finally, though there is not yet an automatic way to generate output
  (or rather OP) variables from Xyce, or to have Xyce/ADMS properly
  generate the code to populate the store vector so that they may be
  accessed via the N() output operator, we have had so many requests
  for gm, vth, and other specific outputs for BSIM-CMG that we have
  hacked in the necessary code via a post-ADMS patch file.
