The following changes to the BSIMCMG 111.2.1 code were needed to make
it work with Xyce/ADMS.

- Modify main bsimcmg function name (in the bsimcmg.va file) to include 
  level, and add attributes.  I'm following the convention of other BSIM CMG devices
  in Xyce.  

- Fix the `lexp macro to remove ADMS lexical error in the bsimcmg_macros.include file.
  This macro uses a ternary operator, and it seems that in order for ADMS
  to parse it properly, it needed more parenthesis.  I've encountered
  similar problems parsing ternaries in other contexts, so this probably
  isn't surprising.

- Add @initial_instance statement to a block of code near the beginning of bsimcmg_
  body.include file.  Also, a corresponding "begin" and "end" statement has been 
  added.  This was necessary as some of these variables are used in node collapse 
  conditionals.  Also, it makes the code more efficient to execute these lines 
  once, rather than at every function evaluation.

- Convert some of the params to be both instance and model.  At the top of the
  bsimcmg_parameters.include, there is a block of parameters identified to be
  both model and instance parameters.  In order for this to work in ADMS/Xyce,
  it is necessary to modify their attributes to include xyceAlsoModel="yes".
  This is done with new macros (added to the bsimcmg_macros.include file)
  that have the name suffix "_BOTH".

- The "t" thermal node declaration was moved so that it is the first
  node declared after the required d, g, s, and e nodes.  This is
  done because technique needed to make t an optional node only works
  if it is assigned by ADMS as the first numbered node after the
  required nodes.  This node is optional as a result of the module
  testing the "$port_connected(t)" function.

- The IPM macro has been defined in bsimcmg_macros.include, and
  called in bsimcmg_body.include.   All contributions have been
  multiplied by the defined constant "MFACTOR_USE".  If the constant
  EXPLICIT_MFACTOR is defined, IPM declares an instance parameter "M"
  and defines MFACTOR_USE to be "m".  If EXPLICIT_MFACTOR is not
  defined, IPM is a null macro, and MFACTOR_USE is defined to be 1.0.

  This allows the BSIM-CMG in Xyce to support a multiplicity, because
  Xyce does not provide a global multiplicity factor usable by
  devices, and all devices must define and use one themselves.

- An optimization has been applied to improve performance of the model
  when self-heating is not active.  All temperature dependent variables
  that were previously computed unconditionally in the block "CMGTempDepCalc"
  have been wrapped in a conditional that executes only if the temperature
  has changed since the last call.  To accomplish this, however, also
  required initializing all of those variables in the @(initial_instance)
  block, so that ADMS will recognize them as having "global_instance" scope
  instead of marking them local to the main analog block.  The variables are
  all initialized to zero in that block, and a "LastTemp" variable set to
  "-999" in order to assure that all temperature dependent variables are
  correctly re-calculated upon the first call of updateIntermediateVars.

  By doing it this way, we are also assured that the model will work correctly
  in .STEP loops, because the @(initial_instance) code will wind up in Xyce's
  "processParams" function, which will always be called whenever a .STEP loop
  updates model or instance parameters.

- Output variables for VDSAT, VDS, VGS, and VBS were added to the collection
  already present in the BSIM-CMG 110 Verilog-A source code.  These are
  inside an ifdef __XYCE__ block.  VDSAT is a duplicate of the VDSSAT
  variable originally present.

